
He stood up on like on a discovery mission and went out looking forward to try it out. The forest? a bit far away. Maybe he could find an empty street. He went further off the more crowded places, coming into the more abbondened streets he would have tried to avoid before. On his way, he tried to go into his mind. he felt like having to glowing creatures inside his body, a blue and a red one. Maybe he could just call them somehow?

Noone around. He tried it first with the blue one. Thinking of it for a few seconds. Nothing happened. THen tried to call it, using some names. "I summon you, blue creature." "Come out, nothing is going to harm you." "Be there, mighty creature" "Would you mind coming out if that would please you?" "Please, come out, I beg you! " But nothing worked. He tried to get calm again, calming his mind and body, focusing on the blue creature in his body. His body began to shin in a bluesh light. He tried to move it out of it body, but it didn't work. Then he tried to picture the creature in front of him. Slowly, a light came of his body, and the creature appeared! Oh wow, how quick! It worked! He overcame with joifullyness and happyness with a thrilled sensation. Step forward, backward. The creature moved! He could command it. 

Then he felt it. He was not alone. At the end of the street there was a woman. Blue eyes were staring at him. On her face, black hair were hanging down. He could not forget these blue eyes. The woman he was thinking about from his yesterdays tefth. Why is she there? She seemed to be surprised as well, halting to move foreward when she saw him. No fear. But her face, still emossionless. He could not tell what she was thinking about. And then, she glanced away. And with it, she disappeared in the next street.
